ingress: Add CNP example for default deny (#31436)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/servicemesh/external-ingress-policy.rst

.. only:: not (epub or latex or html)

    WARNING: You are looking at unreleased Cilium documentation.
    Please use the official rendered version released here:
    https://docs.cilium.io

.. _gs_external_ingress_policy:

*************************
External Lock-down Policy
*************************

> The previous example doesn't include any network policy, so all the external traffic is allowed by default.

Reviewer: You're referring to a previous example here, but this is the first example shown in the document. This might be confusing for users who find this page via Google or for users who don't read the previous example. Can you make this section more independent, or add it to the document that has the previous example you are referring to?

> Let's apply network policy to lock down the external traffic.

Reviewer: Again, I think it would make sense here to refer to the policy as an object, similar to how we do here: https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/network/kubernetes/policy/#ciliumclusterwidenetworkpolicy

```suggestion
Let's apply a `CiliumNetworkPolicy` to lock down external traffic.
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../../examples/kubernetes/servicemesh/policy/external-lockdown.yaml

.. parsed-literal::

    $ kubectl apply -f \ |SCM_WEB|\/examples/kubernetes/servicemesh/policy/external-lockdown.yaml

> With this policy applied, any request originating from outside the cluster will be rejected with a 403  Forbidden

Reviewer: Formatting suggestion:

```suggestion
With this policy applied, any request originating from outside the cluster will be rejected with a `403 Forbidden`
```

    *   Trying 172.18.255.194:80...
    * Connected to 172.18.255.194 (172.18.255.194) port 80
    > GET /details/1 HTTP/1.1
    > Host: 172.18.255.194
    > User-Agent: curl/8.6.0
    > Accept: */*
    >
    < HTTP/1.1 403 Forbidden
    < content-length: 15
    < content-type: text/plain
    < date: Thu, 29 Feb 2024 12:59:54 GMT
    < server: envoy
    * The requested URL returned error: 403
    * Closing connection
    curl: (22) The requested URL returned error: 403

    # Capture hubble flows in another terminal
    $ kubectl --namespace=kube-system exec -i -t cilium-xjl4x -- hubble observe -f --identity ingress
    Defaulted container "cilium-agent" out of: cilium-agent, config (init), mount-cgroup (init), apply-sysctl-overwrites (init), mount-bpf-fs (init), wait-for-node-init (init), clean-cilium-state (init), install-cni-binaries (init)
    Feb 29 13:00:29.389: 172.18.0.1:53866 (ingress) -> kube-system/cilium-ingress:80 (world) http-request DROPPED (HTTP/1.1 GET http://172.18.255.194/details/1)
    Feb 29 13:00:29.389: 172.18.0.1:53866 (ingress) <- kube-system/cilium-ingress:80 (world) http-response FORWARDED (HTTP/1.1 403 0ms (GET http://172.18.255.194/details/1))

> Let's check if the in-cluster traffic to Ingress endpoint is still allowed:

Reviewer: Grammar suggestion:

```suggestion
Let's check if in-cluster traffic to the Ingress endpoint is still allowed:
```
